# Hello! My name is Eve Hedonette. 

I am a senior English major at Christopher Newport University graduating in May of this year, and my pronouns are She/Her. I enrolled in this class to fulfill a degree requirement but I am also interested in becoming more digitally literate and seeing how the humanities have developed in a digital space. Especially because one of my favorite subjects in the world, Vocaloids, can fall under this category. 

Once I attain my degree this year I intend on jumping right into the workforce. I am moving towards entering the field of technical writing as a stepping stone towards my larger goals. My dream is to become involved with multimedia creative projects such as *Hypnosis Mic*, *Critical Role*, Augmented Reality Games, etc. I have always enjoyed writing and creating stories for others to read, but I feel the written word cannot fully express the things I wish to share. My end goal has always been to create a balance between a stable desk job and freelance work until I am able to support myself independently as a creator.

While I have not been able to be very active in extracurricular activities while attending school due to Covid as well as being a transfer student working part-time, I have some academic achievements under my belt. I graduated from Rappahannock Community College in 2020 with my Associates in Arts and Sciences. I was formerly on the Dean’s list at RCC, and currently on the Dean’s list at CNU.

I am a cosplayer and I regularly visit pop culture conventions in my area when I can safely do so, my favorite one being [Nekocon](nekocon.com). I also enjoy dancing and frequently combine my passion for costuming and performance to create choreography and performances to post to my social media. My most recent cover is set to a song called God-ish by PinocchioP and I have spent many hours so far designing the set and costume. I also have a tattoo on my shoulder of the character Killer Queen from the anime Jojo’s Bizarre Adventure, it was my first tattoo and definitely will not be my last.My best friends and I also regularly get together and play tabletop games together which turn into inspiration for much of my writing, and is the source of many, many memes. Maybe I’ll share those with you later.
